[UR] Allow for extending enums (#626)
oneapi-src/unified-runtime: scripts/core/CONTRIB.rst

    $ python scripts/add_experimental_feature.py <name-of-your-experimental-feature>

Experimental features *must* not make any changes to the core YaML files and 

> *must* be described entirely in their own YaML file. Sometimes, however 

Reviewer: Are there deffo no cases now where core yaml files would need to be touched?

Reviewer: Just want to ensure these uses of *must* are not too strong.

Reviewer 2: Extending existing structs/unions (e.g., adding a new partition method)?. But experimental features should probably avoid doing things like that in the first place.

Author: Yeah I think extending existing structs is not allowed for experimental features. Hopefully if this is needed it can be done with the `pNext` chain. Unions I'm less sure about.

Reviewer: Extending a struct/union implies an ABI change which I think we should avoid for experimental features. That's how I've been thinking about this.

experimental feature require extending enumerations of the core specification. 

> If this is necessary should set the `extend` field to true and list the required

Reviewer: double backticks for monospace in rst files

> If this is necessary should set the `extend` field to true and list the required

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If this is necessary, create a new enum with the `extend` field set to true and list the required
```
